---
type: document
name: 魔法物品
category: 宝藏
source: 宝藏
edition: '2014'
---

# 魔法物品

**魔法物品 Magic Items**

（翻译暂缺，子页面翻译齐全）

The following sections explore some of the magic items 
that heroes might encounter during their adventures across Theros. These 
treasures might serve as rewards for heroic deeds, or they could spur the gods' 
champions toward great acts. All the gods have access to mighty troves of 
storied items, which they have few qualms about granting to their favored 
servants—or reclaiming when their usefulness is over.

**Gifts of the Gods**

Just as the heroes of Theros carry great destinies, so 
too do many of the magic items they encounter. The common folk don't typically 
possess magic items, yet adventurers come across them with some 
regularity—further evidencing the divine favor most enjoy. Nearly every magic 
item was created with a purpose and often carries with it a role in some greater 
story, whether an epic long ended or one yet untold.

As DM, feel free to make ordinary magic items feel like 
they have significant history and purpose. Even a +1 spear might have been 
carried by a company of hoplite veterans that went missing during their quest to 
reach the edge of the world. Wands might be crafted from legendary sources, 
while potions might bear the seals of famed alchemists or include signature 
reagents—like a pegasus feather in a potion of flying. The Remarkable Origins 
table offers just a few ways to suggest a magic item's remarkable pedigree 
without altering its magical properties.

Certain treasures might also be the objects of heroic 
quests. For example, one might not be considered a true hero until one follows 
in the footsteps of past legends and either makes or claims one's own magical 
garment from the wool of a Nyx-fleece ram (see chapter 6). You can also use the 
tables in chapter 7 of the Dungeon Master's Guide to help further inspire the 
story you create for a magic item.

> **Remarkable Originsd12 Origin**
>
> 1 The item bears the name or 
>  emblem of a lost troop of Akroan stratians (described in chapter 
>  3).
>
> 2 The item is etched with a name or prayer written in Celestial 
>  (the language of the gods).
>
> 3 The item looks like it's been at the 
>  bottom of the sea for a hundred years but functions perfectly.
>
> 4 The 
>  item is wrapped in handwritten scrolls, suggesting it was once possessed by a 
>  founder of one of Meletis's philosophical schools (described in chapter 
>  3).
>
> 5 The item bears a design or sculpted feature suggestive of a 
>  Returned mask.
>
> 6 A knotted cover or grip depicts colorful birds or 
>  stylized herd animals from the plains of Oreskos.
>
> 7 The item is at 
>  least partially made from the heartwood of a Setessan caryatid (described in 
>  chapter 3). The wood regularly sprouts fresh leaves, or its whorls suggest 
>  humanoid features.
>
> 8 The item rests among the remains of its former 
>  owner, who thanks (or curses) those who take it.
>
> 9 The item is at 
>  least partially made of iron.
>
> 10 Whoever first touches the item 
>  receives an omen from the god who watches over it (see chapter 4 for details 
>  on omens).
>
> 11 The item lies in a crater, as if it fell from the 
>  heavens.
>
> 12 The item glimmers with the stars of Nyx and is a perfect 
>  facsimile of an item used by a legendary hero.

魔法物品详述 Magic Item 
Descriptions

This section presents an assortment of magic 
items in alphabetical order. See the Dungeon Master's Guide for the rules on 
magic items.
