---
type: document
name: 其他族裔（暂缺）
category: 种族
source: 种族
edition: '2014'
---

# 其他族裔（暂缺）

Other Ancestries

The following section provides context for how existing 
D&D ancestries are represented on the island of Obojima.

To play one of these exisiting D&D ancestries you must either use the 
charts below to define your character's origins–or create a unique origin of 
your own design.

Dragonborn

Dragonborn do not naturally exist in the world of Obojima but 
could come to exist through other means.

D4    Origins

1    You are the last 
descendant of an ancient people that called the island home before the era of 
the Nakudama.

2    You were birthed by the sea and are revered 
as royalty by fishfolk and other ocean dwellers.

3    You are 
seen as the harbinger who is marking the return of the great dragon 
Yutro.

4    You were cursed to take this form by a dragon 
after you were caught stealing from it.

Dwarves

Dwarves do not naturally exist in the world of Obojima but could 
come to exist through other means.

D4    Origins

1    You and your people have 
been trapped in stone under the ocean for centuries. During a recent low tide 
you and your people were discovered.

2    Your parents traded 
their subservience to a spirit so that their child would be born with gifts 
unlike any human or elf.

3    A dara sculptor crafted a statue 
with such passion and love that the island imbued it with 
life.

4    During the recent earthquake, a portion of Mount 
Arbora cracked open, releasing you and your people.

Gnomes

Gnomes do not naturally exist in the world of Obojima but could 
come to exist through other means.

D4    Origins

1    After being trapped in 
the wandering forest for several days, you were forced to eat a strange fruit 
which changed your body.

2    You were swallowed by an ancient 
spirit and spit back up 3 days later. Your body is forever altered from the 
experience.

3    You were an apprentice witch whose potion 
brewing experience led to your current form.

4    You were 
once a pixie, but after you found a falling star, you made a wish to be 
human.

Halfling

Halflings do not naturally exist in the world of Obojima but 
could come to exist through other means.

D4    Origins

1    Although you are an 
adult, a curse placed on you long ago has kept you looking like a 
child.

2    You passed through what you thought was a portal 
to the Spirit Realm and instead exited at a random location on the island in 
your current form.

3    A group of beachcombers found you 
buried under the sand. When you awoke, you couldn't recall how or why you were 
half the size of a human.

4    You were once a Nakudama who, 
through a deal with a powerful mage, transformed into a human, but you've kept 
your small stature.

Half-Orcs / Orcs

Half-Orcs/Orcs do not naturally exist in the world of 
Obojima but could come to exist through other means.

D4    Origins

1    You were cursed by a 
witch who was jealous of your beauty.

2    You were once an 
ogre but after falling in love with a human you slowly began to change 
form.

3    You were born to human parents like an elf, but are 
seen as more spirit than human.

4    You are the first green 
dara.

Tieflings

Tieflings do not naturally exist in the world of Obojima but 
could come to exist through other means.

D4    Origins

1    You were once human, but 
after spending many years within the Spirit Realm, your body began to 
change.

2    You are a spirit that has been cast out of the 
Spirit Realm and trapped in a material form.

3    You washed 
up on the corrupted coastline and have no recollection of your previous 
life.

4    You died at the hands of an evil spirit and were 
reborn an amalgamation of yourself and the spirit that killed 
you.
