---
type: document
name: 溪谷矮人家常燕麦粥
category: 英雄盛宴
source: 英雄盛宴
edition: '2014'
---

# 溪谷矮人家常燕麦粥

**溪谷矮人家常燕麦粥 Gully Dwarf Homestyle Porridge**

（翻译暂缺）

If you've ever attended a gully dwarf meal, you've 
probably only done so once. As scavengers who dwell in the deepest, darkest, and 
dirtiest parts of subterranean spaces, their dining habits are not exactly 
refined. But a wholesale dismissal of their cuisine would be throwing out the 
baby with the bathwater (which gully dwarves are known to drink on occasion). 
Traditional gully dwarf porridge calls for a grainy stew chock-full of...you 
don't want to know. However, their more civilized dwarven cousins have developed 
their own morningfeast dish, which cleverly pokes fun at the inedible original. 
Their version, also called "dirty porridge," comprises of a creamy oatmeal-style 
base chock-full of dates, chopped nuts, dark sugars, and a dose of cream. 
Dwarves have even been known to brew a savory "gully dwarf porridge" containing 
leftover sausage bits, streaks of bacon fat, and finely chopped scallions in a 
grits-style "broth." Regardless of which version you eat, this porridge from the 
world of Krynn is a true random encounter for your taste buds.

> **4人份用料 **
>
> 1又1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter
>
> 1 
>  cup steel-cut oats
>
> 3又1/4 cups water
>
> 1/2 cup low-fat or whole milk
>
> 1/4 
>  teaspoon kosher salt
>
> 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, plus 4 teaspoons for 
>  garnish
>
> 2 tablespoons heavy cream or half-and-half for 
> garnish

In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add 
the oats and cook, stirring constantly, until they smell fragrant, nutty, and 
toasty and look a shade darker, about 4 minutes.

Add the water, adjust the 
heat to medium-high, and bring to a simmer, stirring constantly. Add the milk, 
adjust the heat to medium-low and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until 
the mixture is thickened to the consistency of applesauce and the oats are 
tender but chewy, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the salt and 3 tablespoons brown sugar 
and stir to incorporate.

Remove the pan from the heat, cover, and let rest for 
about 5 minutes; the oatmeal will thicken to about the consistency of pudding. 
Serve at once, topping each serving evenly with about 1? teaspoons cream and 1 
teaspoon brown sugar.

厨师笔记

Cooking oats in a mixture of water and milk provides a 
good balance of richness (using all milk can make the porridge overly rich, 
especially once the cream garnish is added).

Add the water to the toasted 
oats before the milk, otherwise it might foam up.

The oatmeal will continue 
to thicken as it cools, so make sure to serve it hot.

> *“Six gully dwarves trailed after them, carrying heavy pots of what smelled like oatmeal”*
>
> > > > > > > > — Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, Dragons of Autumn 
> > > > > > > >  Twilight
