---
type: document
name: 烤肠帮的激斗
category: 英雄盛宴
source: 英雄盛宴
edition: '2014'
---

# 烤肠帮的激斗

**烤肠帮的激斗 Bangers and Smash**

（翻译暂缺）

Nothing makes a dwarf stand quite so tall in the morning 
as a breakfast platter steaming with sausages and smashed baby potatoes. These 
traditional sausages are sheet panCbaked with succulent tomatoes that soak up 
the juices and practically polymorph into a meat themselves. Dwarven smiths are 
known to keep their bangers and smash warm all morning in an iron skillet that 
rests atop their furnace, so they can plunge a fork into it and satisfy their 
appetites without straying too far from their duties.

> **4人份用料 **
>
> 1又1/2 pounds (about 16) small 
>  red-skinned or Yukon gold creamer potatoes, scrubbed
>
> 1/2 cup extra-virgin 
>  olive oil
>
> Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
>
> 2 leeks, white and 
>  light green parts, halved lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces
>
> 4 to 8 
>  fresh or fully cooked chicken or pork sausages (breakfast sausages or any 
>  flavor of your choice)
>
> 1 pound large cherry tomatoes
>
> 2 tablespoons 
>  chopped fresh parsley

Preheat the oven to 450°F with a rack in the middle of 
the oven.

On a large rimmed baking sheet, roast the potatoes until very 
tender, about 40 minutes.

Remove the baking sheet from the oven (leave the oven on) 
and set aside to cool, about 10 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl, brush 
the baking sheet with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, and sprinkle the sheet 
lightly with salt and pepper. Return the potatoes to the baking sheet, spacing 
them about 2 inches apart. With the bottom of a mug or another baking sheet (to 
do all the potatoes at once), sharply press down on the potatoes to break their 
skins and compress the flesh to a thickness of about 1 inch (do not smash them 
thinner). Brush the potatoes with 2 tablespoons olive oil, return them to the 
oven, and continue to roast for 15 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the 
oven, turn the potatoes over, and rearrange them over about half the baking 
sheet.

In the now-empty bowl, toss the leeks with 3 tablespoons 
olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and spread them on the empty side of the 
baking sheet. Add the sausages to the now-empty bowl, add 1又1/2 teaspoons olive 
oil, and toss to coat. Arrange the sausages over the leeks.

Roast for 8 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the 
oven, move the sausages to the side, stir the leeks, spread them over about 
two-thirds of the empty space on the baking sheet, and replace the sausages over 
the leeks.

In the now-empty bowl, toss the tomatoes with the 
remaining 1又1/2 teaspoons oil to coat. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper and 
toss again. Spread the tomatoes in the empty space on the baking sheet and 
continue to roast until the skins burst, the sausages are warmed through, and 
the potatoes are crisp, about 10 minutes more.

Transfer the potatoes, tomatoes, sausages, and leeks to a 
serving platter, sprinkle with the parsley, and serve.
