---
type: document
name: 矮人大饼
category: 英雄盛宴
source: 英雄盛宴
edition: '2014'
---

# 矮人大饼

**矮人大饼 Dwarven Flatbread**

（翻译暂缺）

Generations of dwarven smiths have relied on this 
toothsome snack bread to get them through long, arduous workdays, and to their 
next meal. According to folklore, these tasty flat loaves weren't created in the 
kitchen, but rather at the forge as ever-industrious, hungry dwarven craftsman 
utilized the only materials they had available: flour, oil, water, salt, a 
hearth, and a hammer. The result? Flat bread. Sometimes served pan-griddled, 
other times fried, this bread can be eaten plain, topped with cheese or duergar 
fire lichen spread (see this page), or used to soak up all of those savory 
juices and sauces from what dwarven diners showed up for in the first 
place—meat!

> **4人份用料 **
>
> 1又1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more 
>  for dusting
>
> 1又1/2 teaspoons baking powder
>
> 1/2 teaspoon baking 
>  soda
>
> 1又1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
>
> 2又1/2 teaspoons dried herb blend (such 
>  as Italian seasoning, herbes de Provence, or za'atar), crushed
>
> 3 
>  tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
>
> 2/3 cup plain low-fat Greek yogurt or 
>  whole milk
>
> 1/4 cup neutral-tasting oil, such as vegetable, canola, 
>  safflower, or grapeseed

In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, 
baking soda, salt, and herb blend to combine. Make a well in the center, add the 
olive oil and yogurt. With a wooden spoon or your hands, stir around the 
perimeter of the well to incorporate the wet and dry ingredients; the mixture 
will look a little rough and shaggy.

Lightly flour a work surface, scoop the 
dough onto it, and knead until the dough is smooth and uniform, adding a tiny 
amount of flour as you go if the dough becomes too sticky. Divide the dough into 
eight equal portions, gently roll each portion into a ball, cover with a clean 
kitchen towel, and let rest for 15 minutes.

Preheat the oven to 200°F (or the lowest temperature 
possible) with a rack in the middle of the oven.

With a rolling pin, roll one of the dough balls into a 
circle about 7 inches in diameter and ? inch thick. In a 10-inch heavy skillet 
(preferably cast iron) over medium heat, warm 1? teaspoons of the vegetable oil 
until shimmering. Tilt the skillet to coat the entire cooking surface with oil, 
carefully place the dough circle in the skillet, and cook, undisturbed, until 
spotty brown on the bottom and slightly puffed, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the bread 
over and continue to cook, undisturbed, until the second side is spotty brown as 
well, 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer the bread to a baking sheet or ovenproof 
plate and place it in the oven to stay warm. Working with one dough ball and 1? 
teaspoons oil at a time, repeat to roll, cook, and keep the remaining rounds 
warm. Note that as the pan accumulates and retains heat from previous batches, 
the cooking time may decrease by up to a minute. Serve warm and 
fresh.

厨师笔记

Skillet breads are a great canvas for customizing with 
simple toppings, such as finely chopped roasted red pepper or caramelized 
onions, or a schmear of ricotta cheese, added just before 
serving.
