---
type: document
name: 腌牛肉和卷心菜
category: 英雄盛宴
source: 英雄盛宴
edition: '2014'
---

# 腌牛肉和卷心菜

**腌牛肉和卷心菜 Corned Beef and Cabbage**

（翻译暂缺）

From the mines of the Ironroot Mountains to the halls of 
the Iron Hills, this savory winter repast is a favorite of dwarves everywhere. 
Hungry miners will blush pinker than the beef itself when their noses catch the 
distinct scent of coriander, allspice, peppercorns, bay leaves, thyme, and red 
pepper flakes wafting from a full-to-the-brim cauldron. Served in a light, tangy 
broth with generous helpings of boiled cabbage and doused in vinegar, this dish 
is sure to satisfy the salt cravings of even the saltiest dwarves (just as long 
as you don't forget the ale).

> **4人份用料 **
>
> 4 
>  garlic cloves, smashed and peeled
>
> 3 tablespoons store-bought mixed pickling 
>  spice
>
> 1 (3-pound) corned beef brisket, flat (or thin) cut, rinsed well and 
>  fat trimmed to about a 1/4-inch-thick layer, if necessary
>
> 1 yellow onion, 
>  quartered
>
> 2 carrots, peeled and chopped
>
> 2 celery ribs, trimmed and 
>  chopped
>
> 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
>
> 1又1/2 pounds (about 16) small 
>  red-skinned or Yukon gold creamer potatoes, scrubbed
>
> 1 (2-pound) small head 
>  green cabbage, tough outer leaves removed, cut through the core into 6 
>  wedges
>
> Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
>
> 3 tablespoons 
>  unsalted butter, softened and cut into small pieces
>
> 3 tablespoons chopped 
>  fresh parsley
>
> White wine vinegar for serving (optional)

Preheat the oven to 300°F with a rack in the middle 
position of the oven.

In a large Dutch oven, combine the garlic, pickling 
spice, corned beef, onion, carrots, and celery. Add the broth and enough water 
to just cover the meat and cook, covered, until the corned beef is super-tender 
(a paring knife should slip easily into the meat), about 4 hours. Transfer the 
meat to a baking dish; trim and discard the fat, if desired. Strain and reserve 
the cooking liquid, and discard the solids. Pour about 1 cup of the liquid over 
the meat, cover the dish tightly with foil, and let rest for about 30 
minutes.

Pour the strained cooking liquid into a fat separator or 
measuring cup and rest until the fat rises to the surface, about 10 minutes. If 
you are using a fat separator, pour the liquid into another container; if you 
are using a measuring cup, tilt it and use a wide, shallow soup spoon to skim 
any fat off the surface and discard it.

Return the liquid to the Dutch oven, add the potatoes, 
set the pot over medium-high heat, and bring to a simmer. Adjust the heat to 
medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes just begin to soften, about 8 
minutes. Add the cabbage, submerge it in the liquid as best you can (arrange the 
potatoes among the cabbage wedges), replace the cover, adjust the heat to 
medium-high, and return to a simmer. Adjust the heat to medium-low and simmer 
until the potatoes and cabbage are both tender, 10 to 14 minutes more, turning 
over the cabbage wedges after 6 minutes.

Meanwhile, place the meat on a cutting board, slice it 
against the grain into thin slices, and set the slices on a large serving 
platter. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the vegetables to a large bowl and 
sprinkle them with salt, if necessary, and pepper to taste. Scatter the butter 
pieces over the vegetables, wait a moment for the butter to begin to melt, and 
gently turn over the vegetables to distribute the butter. Arrange the potatoes 
and cabbage around the meat on the platter, sprinkle the parsley over the meat 
and vegetables, and serve with vinegar on the side, if desired.

厨师笔记

When shopping for corned beef (or brisket, from which 
corned beef is made), you'll commonly see two cuts—flat (sometimes called thin) 
and point. Flat-cut is more uniformly shaped and thus will cook more 
evenly.
