---
type: document
name: 餐末甜点
category: 英雄盛宴
source: 英雄盛宴
edition: '2014'
---

# 餐末甜点

**餐末甜点 Meal's End**

（翻译暂缺）

Heavy cream, foraged fruits, and a crushed dark meringue 
comprise a delightful combination of flavors that offer a light and colorful 
post-meal elven sweet. Elves aren't decadent and are resultantly not known for 
their culinary prowess with desserts, but this refreshing dish is quick to 
concoct and easy to serve by the bowlful, requiring no baking. While there are 
subtle variations of "meal's end" based on region and culture, the version with 
chopped persimmon or plum in lieu of field berries is quite sensational and thus 
recommended.

> **4人份用料 **
>
> 3 cups fresh strawberries, rinsed and hulled (or 
> a mix of berries)
>
> Sugar as needed
>
> 1又1/3 cups heavy cream
>
> 1/3 cup plain 
> Greek yogurt (preferably whole milk) or crème fra?che
>
> 1/4 teaspoon pure 
> vanilla extract
>
> 2 ounces packaged or homemade cocoa or vanilla meringues, 
> coarsely crumbled (about 1又1/3 cups)

Coarsely chop 2 cups of the strawberries. In a bowl, mix 
the chopped strawberries with sugar to taste. Slice or quarter the remaining 1 
cup berries. In a small bowl, mix these strawberries with sugar to 
taste.

With a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, a handheld 
electric mixer, or a whisk, beat the cream until it is softly whipped, adding 1 
tablespoon sugar once the cream has thickened. This will take 1 to 1又1/2 minutes 
with a stand mixer on high speed. Fold in the yogurt and vanilla just until 
blended. Fold in the chopped berries and crumbled meringues.

Divide the mixture among four serving dishes, top with 
the sliced berries, and serve at once.

厨师笔记

Serve the Meal's End immediately after making it because 
time is unkind to the texture of the meringues.

If you feel that your berries 
require a flavor boost, add about 1 tablespoon of pomegranate juice or berry 
liqueur, orange liqueur, port, or even cognac.

You can substitute 
blueberries, blackberries, or peeled and cubed persimmons for the 1 cup sliced 
or quartered strawberries.
