---
type: document
name: 对手
category: 地下城主工具
source: 地下城主工具
edition: '2014'
---

# 对手

**对手 Rivals**

（没人翻译，等待热心人士补全翻译）

Rivals are NPCs who oppose the characters and make their 
presence felt whenever the characters are engaging in downtime. A rival might be 
a villain you have featured in past adventures or plan to use in the future. 
Rivals can also include good or neutral folk who are at odds with the 
characters, whether because they have opposing goals or they simply dislike one 
another. The cultist of Orcus whose plans the characters have foiled, the 
ambitious merchant prince who wants to rule the city with an iron fist, and the 
nosy high priest of Helm who is convinced the characters are up to no good are 
all examples of rivals.

A rival's agenda changes over time. Though the 
characters engage in downtime only between adventures, their rivals rarely rest, 
continuing to spin plots and work against the characters even when the 
characters are off doing something else.

**创建一个对手 Creating a Rival**

In essence, a rival is a somewhat specialized NPC. You 
can use chapter 4 of the Dungeon Master's Guide to build a new NPC for this 
purpose, or pick one from your current cast of supporting characters and 
embellish that NPC as described below.

It's possible for the characters to have two or three 
rivals at a time, each with a separate agenda. At least one should be a villain, 
but the others might be neutral or good; conflicts with those rivals might be 
social or political, rather than manifesting as direct attacks.

The best rivals have a connection with their adversaries 
on a personal level. Find links in the characters' backstories or the events of 
recent adventures that explain what sparked the rival's actions. The best 
trouble to put the characters in is trouble they created for themselves.

**对手 Rivald20 对手 **

1 Tax 
collector who is convinced the characters are dodging fees

2 Politician 
who is concerned that the characters are causing more trouble than they 
solve

3 High priest who worries the characters are diminishing the 
temple's prestige

4 Wizard who blames the characters for some recent 
troubles

5 Rival adventuring party

6 Bard who loves a scandal 
enough to spark one

7 Childhood rival or member of a rival 
clan

8 Scorned sibling or parent

9 Merchant who blames the 
characters for any business woes

10 Newcomer out to make a mark on the 
world

11 Sibling or ally of defeated enemy

12 Official seeking 
to restore a tarnished reputation

13 Deadly foe disguised as a social 
rival

14 Fiend seeking to tempt the characters to 
evil

15 Spurned romantic interest

16 Political opportunist 
seeking a scapegoat

17 Traitorous noble looking to foment a 
revolution

18 Would-be tyrant who brooks no opposition

19 Exiled 
noble looking for revenge

20 Corrupt official worried that recent 
misdeeds will be revealed

To add the right amount of detail to a rival you 
want to create, give some thought to what that NPC is trying to accomplish and 
what resources and methods the rival can bring to bear against the 
characters.

**Goals.** An effective rival has a clear 
reason for interfering with the characters' lives. Think about what the rival 
wants, how and why the characters stand in the way, and how the conflict could 
be resolved. Ideally, a rival's goal directly involves the characters or 
something they care about.

**Assets.** Think about the resources the 
rival can marshal. Does the character have enough money to pay bribes or to hire 
a small gang of mercenaries? Does the rival hold sway over any guilds, temples, 
or other groups? Make a list of the rival's assets, and consider how they can be 
used.

**Plans.** The foundation of a rival's 
presence in the campaign is the actions the rival takes or the events that occur 
as a result of that character's goals. Each time you resolve one or more 
workweeks of downtime, pick one of the ways a rival's plans might be advanced 
and introduce it into play.

Think about how a rival might operate in order to 
bring specific plans to fruition, and jot down three or four kinds of actions 
the rival might undertake. Some of these might be versions of the downtime 
activities described later in this section, but these are more often efforts 
that are specific to the rival.

A rival's action might be a direct attack, such as an 
assassination attempt, that you play out during a session. Or it might be a 
background activity that you describe as altering the campaign in some way. For 
example, a rival who wants to increase the prestige of the temple of a war god 
might hold a festival with drink, food, and gladiatorial games. Even if the 
characters aren't directly involved, the event becomes the talk of the town.

Some elements of a rival's plans might involve events in 
the world that aren't under the rival's control. Whether such an event can be 
easily anticipated or not, the rival's plans might include contingencies for 
taking advantage of such happenings.
